Update nodejs samples (#301)
DefangLabs/samples: samples/nodejs-chatroom/README.md

## Prerequisites

1. Download [Defang CLI](https://github.com/DefangLabs/defang)
2. (Optional) If you are using [Defang BYOC](https://docs.defang.io/docs/concepts/defang-byoc) authenticate with your cloud provider account
3. (Optional for local development) [Docker CLI](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)

## Development

To run the application locally, you can use the following command:

```bash
docker compose up --build
```

## Configuration

For this sample, you will not need to provide [configuration](https://docs.defang.io/docs/concepts/configuration). 

If you wish to provide configuration, see below for an example of setting a configuration for a value named `API_KEY`.

```bash
defang config set API_KEY
```

## Deployment

> [!NOTE]
> Download [Defang CLI](https://github.com/DefangLabs/defang)

### Defang Playground

Deploy your application to the Defang Playground by opening up your terminal and typing:
```bash
defang compose up
```

### BYOC (AWS)

> If you want to deploy to your own cloud account, you can use Defang BYOC:
> 
> 1. [Authenticate your AWS account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html), and check that you have properly set your environment variables like `AWS_PROFILE`, `AWS_REGION`, `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`.
> 2. Run in a terminal that has access to your AWS environment variables:
>     ```bash
>     defang --provider=aws compose up
>     ```

Reviewer: Rather than describe how to do this inline, I think we should link to a doc which goes into more depth. That way we can manage it in one place.

```suggestion
If you want to deploy to your own cloud account, you can [use Defang BYOC](https://docs.defang.io/docs/tutorials/deploy-to-your-cloud)
```
